You take advantage of me
Husband, this is what you said.
The trash who uses his wife's life-saving money to gamble
Oops, your mouth stinks
Waste will always be waste
If you don't have the ability, it will only be a benefit of words
Really?
Who ran away with his tail between his legs before?
Don't think that Sun Dong owes you a favor
If I help you once, you can be arrogant
Now I'll see who else can help you.
I don't need anyone to do business in autumn
If you lose one cent when selling gift boxes, I will lose two cents.
If you lose two cents, I will lose 4 cents.
See who can control who
Fang Yuan, you will lose a thousand by doing this.
Is it interesting to hurt the enemy by 800?
Even if you continue to be stubborn, you can't stand it
My father-in-law is the president of the bank
As long as my husband wants money
Then go to the bank and get whatever you want.
Let alone a price reduction.
Even if it is a free gift box, we can't stand it.
How does it look like this trash?
I like this kind of shit
What are you doing, Tang Qian?
You were my best friend
It's okay if you pick up the man I don't want
How dare you spray shit in my office now
I slapped you today just to tell you
Don't pick up things in the future
And cure your stinky mouth
What right do you have to talk about me?
Didn't you also call your best friend's husband?
you
Husband, look at him and dare to do this in front of you
Xia Yushuang slapped me before
But didn't return it to him
Now you slap Qianqian again
I think you two really don't want to live anymore, do you?